# 1. What variables within this dataset have the highest potential of interdependence?
# From the dataset, Social support, Life Ladder, and Log GDP have the highest potential of interdependence. Looking at the correlation data on line 123 and 115 in the EDA, plotting social support against life ladder gives a strong linear correlation of 0.75/1. This shows that an increase in social support is likely to correspond to, or be followed by a net increase in  the life ladder. When collecting this data, the question posed  in order to gage the level social support was whether the person had donated to any charities in the last month. Possible reasons for this include the fact that social support through charity might result in more people being able to afford better food, medication, shelter, and nutrition, which would have a net positive effect on the the national life ladder scores. This increase in life quality or life ladder scores would lead to an increase in GDP, because of a net increased productivity, and entrepreneurship, as supported by the correlation data to be mentioned. The correlation data between GDP and life ladder in line 115, supported by lines 116 and 123, suggest a strong correlation between the two, with a correlation coefficient of 0.8. The visible increase as seen in the dot plot in line 116 further supports this.  Additionally, the box plots in line 121 and 127 show that the highest average GDP and highest average social support for all countries occur in the same year, in 2020. Furthermore, the lowest average GDP and lowest average social support also occur in the same year, 2018, further supporting the initial claim of the three variables having the highest potential of interdependent. Finally, a bar graph cross-analysis of Life ladder with both Log GDP per capita and Social support shows that both variables have a similar relationship with Life ladder. From the bar graphs, it is evident that over the years 2015 to 2020, as social support and Log GDP per capita decrease, the average Life ladder for most of the countries does as well. This, along with the aforementioned information further suggests their interdependence. 


# Some limitations to this dataset include the fact that the contributions of a regular donator who donated over a month ago might be neglected, hence underestimating the true value, or that of one who donates once in a while might skew the data, and subsequent result in an overestimate of the true value. However, because the these confounding variables have opposite effects, and a similar likelihood of occurring within the random sample, the results would ideally be holistically skewed, which might affect the values, but not the trend, allowing the above inference to stand regardless.



# 2. What trends between the life ladder scores and its indicators, Social Support, and Log GDP are more evident in the bottom-half ladder score of the dataset.
  
   
# *I divided the dataset into two sections, each containing 75 countries, with the bottom-half representing those with a "Low" Life Ladder score. This translates to a dividing life ladder score of 5.563.*
  
  # According to the correlation data, the top half countries have a (life ladder - Social Support), and (life ladder - Log GDP per Capita) correlation score of 0.54 and 0.61 respectively, while the bottom half countries have a (life ladder - Social Support), and (life ladder - Log GDP per Capita) correlation score of 0.5 and 0.53, respectively.This means that for some reason, the life ladder-social support and life ladder-log GDP per capita relationships are more consistent in the top half countries. 
  
# A possible explanation for this would be differences in culture. The wealthiest countries appear to have the highest life ladder, as seen in the correlation value of the Life ladder and log GDP per capita of the full dataset of 0.8, which implies the opposite relationship between the countries. The countries with the highest life ladder and log GDP are American and European, while those with the lowest are African and Middle-Eastern. In Islam, for exaample, which is significantly more prevalent in Africa the Middle-East than it is in Europe and America, it is mandated that every able adult donates 2.5 percent of their total wealth annually, to those less fortunate. This means that while those in the Middle-East and Africa might earn less, their cultural orientation renders them more giving, in general. This might account for why an increase in life ladder and GDP is not necessarily met with more social support, or why lower GDP and life ladder may not necessarity directly relate to lower social support.